To come to an end in this module,
I'll talk about some generic functions and properties you can always use on your objects. I'll again
create my basic person object here
and
let's say I want to delete a property.
Now of course, I could set person.name equal to null
but maybe I want to really get rid of it and not just set it to null,
in this case I could use delete keyword and then person.name
and now if I try to log person.name, let's see what happens if I click run, we get undefined
because now it was really deleted.
It's not set to null, it got deleted, it's no longer there.
What if I wanted to find out if a certain field exists in an object?
I could then specify this field as a string, that's important, name and then with the in keyword, I can
check if this name field exists in this person.
So of course if I click run,
yes we get true,
so name exists as a property here.
Notice though if I use a capital N at the beginning, we get false because it's case sensitive as you
learned earlier
and capital case N or Name is not the same as with lowercase n.
So this is how you can delete properties, how you can turn them if they are there
and I mentioned something earlier,
there is also a way to loop through all of the properties a person has.
So let me add a greet property which is a function just
printing hello and now I want to loop through all the three properties. I can use a for loop but it's
a special for loop,
I can specify field for example, var field and the name is up to you, choose whatever you want, in person
.
So with this in keyword or context here, I'm creating a for loop which loops through all the fields,
this is why I named it field, of person
and then I can log the field and let's see what will now show up in the console,
the name of the three fields. Oftentimes though, you want to log the value and not the name.
Well you can do this by logging person and then with square brackets, the field. If you remember, this is
something I showed earlier where I explained if you don't hardcode the field name but derive it dynamically
like we're doing here,
then this syntax is great to access the value of an object field.
So if I now click run, we get the values instead of the field names.